A standard is not always encoded as a single document (#10)
CommunitySpecification/1.0: 5._Governance.md

# Community Specification Governance Policy 1.0

> This document provides the governance policy for specifications and other documents or artifacts, such as a web page or source code, developed using the Community Specification process in a repository (each a “Working Group”).  Each Working Group and must adhere to the requirements in this document.

Author: ```suggestion
This document provides the governance policy for specifications and other documents or artifacts, such as web pages or source code or schema files, developed using the Community Specification process in a repository (each a “Working Group”).  Each Working Group and must adhere to the requirements in this document.

```

# Community Specification Governance Policy 1.0

> This document provides the governance policy for specifications and other documents or artifacts, such as web pages or source code or schema files, developed using the Community Specification process in a repository (each a “Working Group”).  Each Working Group and must adhere to the requirements in this document.

Author: removed reference to source code
```suggestion
This document provides the governance policy for specifications and other documents or artefacts, such as web pages, schemas or interface definitions developed using the Community Specification process in a repository (each a “Working Group”). Each Working Group must adhere to the requirements in this document.

```

## 4.	Specification Development Process.  

> **4.1.	Pre-Draft.**  Any Participant may submit a proposed initial draft document or other suitable artifact as a candidate Draft Specification of that Working Group.  The Maintainer will designate each submission as a “Pre-Draft”.

Author: ```suggestion
**4.1.	Pre-Draft.**  Any Participant may submit a proposed initial draft document or other suitable artifact or artifacts as a candidate Draft Specification of that Working Group.  The Maintainer will designate each submission as a “Pre-Draft”.

```

## 4.	Specification Development Process.  

**4.1.	Pre-Draft.**  Any Participant may submit a proposed initial draft document or other suitable artifact or artifacts as a candidate Draft Specification of that Working Group.  The Maintainer will designate each submission as a “Pre-Draft”.

> **4.2.	Draft.**  Each Pre-Draft of a Working Group must first be Approved to become a "Draft Specification".  Once the Working Group approves a document or artifact as a Draft Specification, the Draft Specification becomes the basis for all going forward work on that specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**4.2.	Draft.**  Each Pre-Draft of a Working Group must first be Approved to become a "Draft Specification".  Once the Working Group approves a document or artifact as a Draft Specification, the Draft Specification becomes the basis for all work on that specification going forward.

```
